
                                                           *
                                                               .  *
                              ,--.                       *        .
   ,---. --.,--.--.--.,---. ,-'  |--. ,--.--,--, ,---.      *
  | .-. |  ||  |  .--' .-.:' .-. |\  '  /       \ .-. :   *   
  | '-' '  ''  '  |      --. `-' | \   ' |  ||  |   --.     .
  |   -' `----' --'   `----'`---' -'  /  `--''--'`----'
  `--' http://puredyne.goto10.org`---'                   * 
                                                     .


You are currently running a USB, CD or DVD version of Puredyne.

Puredyne is aimed at creative people, looking for tools outside 
the standard. It provides the best experimental creative 
applications alongside a solid set of graphic, audio and video 
tools in a fast, minimal package. For everything from sound art 
to innovative filmmaking.

Puredyne is optimised for use in realtime audio and video 
processing. It distinguishes itself by offering a low latency 
kernel and the high responsiveness needed by artists working in 
this field.

Puredyne is based on Ubuntu and Debian-Live. All packages 
provided by Puredyne can be used if you are running this flavour 
of GNU/Linux. Use, share, copy, modify, join the development team 
or fork :) 


HOW-TO BOOT IN PUREDYNE?
------------------------

At this moment, Puredyne works on many intel based machines. To 
boot from insert the live medium (USB, CD, DVD) into your computer
and (re)boot your computer. In most cases, your computer will 
automatically boots into Puredyne. If not please make sure your 
BIOS settings allows you to boot on USB, CD or DVD. Mac user will
probably have to hold the 'c' key while booting on CD/DVD.

LICENSE
-------

Puredyne is a collection of free and open source software and has 
been produced using only free software. Please see LICENSE for 
details. For complete information, sources and detailed licenses 
of the Puredyne toolkit please visit our dev page at launchpad: 
https://launchpad.net/puredyne

:*
